# 🎄 Design your Christmas Tree 🎄

In this exercise, you will use GitHub Copilot to create a web app to design the perfect Christmas Tree. Let's spread some holiday cheer with code! 🎁✨

## Instructions

1. Create a new GitHub repository for this exercise and clone it to your local machine.

2. Start a new Copilot "Edits" session in Visual Studio Code. "Edits" is currently in preview. If something goes wrong, you can try the Copilot Chat instead.

3. These are the prompts you will use for Copilot. After each prompt, you will see the code generated by Copilot. Review the code and make any necessary changes. Then accept the code and move on to the next prompt.

    - Create a new .NET v.8 console app project.
    - Add the Azure OpenAI v.2.1 package.
    - Change to generate a Christmas Tree image using Azure OpenAI dall-e-3

4. At this point, you should have a generated code, that you have to review. The correct code looks like:

    ```cs
        string endpoint = "AZURE_OPENAI_ENDPOINT";
        string apiKey = "AZURE_OPENAI_APIKEY";

        AzureOpenAIClient azureClient = new(
        new Uri(endpoint),
        new AzureKeyCredential(apiKey));

        // This must match the custom deployment name you chose for your model
        ImageClient chatClient = azureClient.GetImageClient("dall-e-3");

        var imageGeneration = await chatClient.GenerateImageAsync(
            "a beatiful Christmas tree with colorful decorations and lights",
        new ImageGenerationOptions()
            {
                Size = GeneratedImageSize.W1024xH1024
            }
        );

        Console.WriteLine(imageGeneration.Value.ImageUri);
    ```

5. Remember to validate the right usings.

    ```cs
    using Azure.AI.OpenAI;
    using OpenAI.Images;
    ```
6. Replace the  ```endpoint``` and ```apiKey``` with your Azure OpenAI endpoint and API key.

7. Now, you are able to test your app using:

    ```bash
    dotnet restore
    donet build
    dotnet run
    ```
8. To add additional features to the app, You can use these prompts:

    - Change it so the user can also choose the type of tree (e.g., natural pine, artificial, post-modern) using a list with several options.
    - Update to give the option so the user can add more detailed info about their tree.
    - Add another option to add some text layout.

8. You can change a feature previously created. Use this prompts to change the previous code:
    - Update the additional details to be a list (eg. "Snow-covered branches", "Gold and silver ornaments", "Multicolored string lights", "Candy cane decorations", "Star topper").

9. Now, you are can test again your app using:

    ```bash
    dotnet restore
    donet build
    dotnet run
    ```


Happy coding and happy holidays! 🎄🎅✨